Overhaul auth mechanism to support multiple tokens/auth mechanisms (#542)
ropensci/rtweet: NEWS.md

# rtweet ...

- `create_token()` has been deprecated in favour of the combination of
  `rtweet_user()`/`rtweet_bot()`/`rtweet_app()` + `auth_use()` + `auth_save()`.

- `get_token()` and `get_tokens()` have been deprecated in favour of 

>   `auth_get()`.

Reviewer: `auth_get` is internal. I think this should be `auth_as`

Author: `auth_get()` retrieves the current auth; it's not something that most users will need.

- The `rate_limit()` interface has been drastically simplified.

- `max_id()` and `since_id()` have been deprecated; tweetr now handles 
  pagination for you.

- `suggested_slugs()`, `suggested_users()`, `suggested_users_all()` have been
  removed as they stopped working when Twitter remove the suggested users
  endpoint in June 2019 (https://twittercommunity.com/t/124732).

- Added support for posting alt-text metadata with images tweeted with status updated via `post_tweet()`. (@hrbrmstr)

## Authentication

> rtweet's authentication system has been completely written. It is now based around three authentication options: `rtweet_user()`, `rtweet_app()`, and `rtweet_bot()`. Authenetication no longer touches `~/.Renviron` file; instead `auth_save()` and `auth_as()` allows you to explicitly save an load authentication mechanisms from a system config directory. See `vignette("auth")` for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rtweet's authentication system has been completely written. It is now based around three authentication options: `rtweet_user()`, `rtweet_app()`, and `rtweet_bot()`. Authentication no longer touches `~/.Renviron` file; instead `auth_save()` and `auth_as()` allow you to explicitly save and load authentication mechanisms from a system config directory. See `vignette("auth")` for more details.
```

- The httpuv package is now only suggested, since it's only needed for 
  interactive auth, and you'll be prompted to install it when needed.

- `bearer_token()` has been deprecated in favour of `rtweet_app()`, which takes 
  the bearer token found in your Twitter developer portal. `invalidate_bearer()`
  has been deprecated since this is something you should do yourself in the
  Twitter developer portal.

> - `create_token()` has been deprecated in favour of the combination of

Reviewer 2: This line really helped things click for some reason, thanks!
